hey guys opens for 7:19 here this video
is on how and why you should get a
sports sports car graded
I miss my Wayne Gretzky's rookie your
card um I have not got a grade yet but I
will sit in the near future I'll
probably go and drop it off so how you
do that is you can send it through the
mail you could take a picture of it and
it's basically you pay a arm like a
price for them to grade it and you could
set it in or a pretty sure you could do
through a picture like send them a
picture and then they'll send you the
grade um you gotta send the money though
it is a dis cost some money but in turn
it gets your card value up there take
this card for example I don't know what
it's worth but say it's worth three
hundred dollars if I get it graded it
might be worth a hundred dollars more
and paying $20 to get this card graded
is worth I'm pretty sure is worth that
hundred dollars so if I if it's worth
three rows now I get it graded for
twenty dollars and then I get say it got
it back in at the ten or nine or
something then it's gonna be worth more
money and also about that it's graded
over to ten one to ten your cards are
graded out of their graded on the
corners the color um corners the color
the player the year the design they're
great on a lot of things but um I would
personally go drop it off if that
company has a drop off I would drop off
your card rather than mailing it because
mailing it could get lost not saying it
will but it could and you don't always
want to take that chance with the more
expensive higher-end cards um anything
to add on to this video please comment
um video response anything um don't PM
me because I don't help out anyone else
um just comment any questions comment so
yeah it'll help a lot of people and I'm
just trying to help out other people
with um what I know as far as I know um
I might undo no at all and if someone
might know more than I do just comment
and it'll help me you and help others oh
so thanks
you